Do it!
Robot
Brother Gu, you are so cruel
How dare you actually shoot?
You have to know that Jingyun is your parent-child
Jing Yue, are you alright?
You silly boy
Why would you do something stupid?
I beg you for such a daughter
You are really going to die
What should I do with your mother?
This bastard
Are you crazy?
How dare you shoot my daughter?
Are you still human?
Daddy is wrong
Wrong is my dignity
You still
What else to build
You just have to save my life
You insist on going to this world
Enter the door to make a sword and endure the soul
You're going to shoot my memory now
Sister, listen to me explain
It's all my fault
No.
No, you're wrong.
I was wrong.
I make a mistake.
I believe you.
dare
Marry Jingyun to you
Mr. Lin
You now see Gu Beichen's true face clearly
If you still let Jingyun stay at Gu's house
Sooner or later, Jingyun will die at the hands of this man
Oh, I see.
Li Heiyu is you who is a ghost in the bushes, isn't it?
It's you who deliberately sent a scam to let me get in
He wants me to divorce Ji Yun
You have the nerve to say that others lied to you.
Everyone saw it
You're the one who tried to kill my daughter?
daddy
That's not true.
Listen to me dad